java c
IOM205 
Advanced Database Management 
BSc Information Management    Information   Systems 
1st SEMESTER 2024/25 Individual Coursework 
Coursework Title: 
Individual coursework: Implementing a Database using Microsoft Access 
Scenario: 
The Scenario is the same as in the GROUP COURSEWORK. 
Task Details/Description: 
The   primary   task   for   this   part   of   the   coursework   is   to individually produce a fully tested and functional database application that has been implemented using Microsoft Access. Please note, you MUST at the minimum have the following functionalities in your database application to score a passing mark for the corresponding grading component. Please refer to the pages at the end of this document for the grading components and criteria. 
•          The   database must support several business processes described in the scenario context and   specification. You   may   change   some   of   the   design   produced   in   the   group   coursework based on the feedback received from the instructors.
•          Include functionality (forms, queries, reports and charts) to support the main operations of the company.   The   database   should   be   able   to: add, edit and remove books, order books, generate invoices, reorder low stock and produce useful management information (e.g. total   value   of   stocks).
• Entities    should be    identified by a concise and relevant set of attributes.         They   must include   the   basic   attributes   and   be   realistic   but   need   not   be   fully   comprehensive   for   the   prototype.
Continue/revise on what has been produced in GROUP coursework 
• Include at least two non-trivial queries. Your   queries    should    demonstrate   the   use    of multiple   tables,   parameters,   calculated   fields   and   multi-stage   query. You    should    also produce appropriate SQL code for at least one of your queries.   The   code   should   be   annotated   in   the   report   to   demonstrate   your   understanding   (please   refer   to   ID2.4 below   in the   deliverables   section).
• Include at least one unbounded form, one trivial and one non-trivial form, that will help to realise key business needs,   i.e.   gather   inputs   and   produce   the   correct   output,   which   are   user-friendly   and   displayed   in   an   appropriate   manner   to   the   user   (e.g.   home   page   -   unbounded   form,   add   a   new   customer   -   trivial   form,   add   new   customer   order,   reorder   books   - non-trivial   forms).
• Include two neatly formatted Access reports to   provide   useful   management   information.   Include   at   least   one   level   of   grouping,   and   at   least   one   summary/calculated   field   (e.g.   customer   invoice,   most   valued   customer   based   on   purchase   orders,   most   popular   books   sold   or reordered,   total   expenses   incurred   towards   each   publisher,   most   valued   employee   based   on   sales).
• Include one Access chart that   illustrates   some   key   operational   information   from   the application to the organisation (e.g. sales made each month, popular books).
For this coursework, you may continue working with the deliverables (ERM, Tables and Sample records) produced in the group coursework, after making appropriate changes considering the summative feedback. Including any extra features, you may wish to – adding value to the application in functionality and usability may earn extra credit. Your report must clearly state these features.
Deliverables: 
You MUST submit the following two deliverables (ID1 and   ID2)   to   complete   this   coursework.
ID1: Fully tested and functional database that fulfils the functional requirements meeting the business needs specified in the scenario. 
ID2: Report not exceeding 1500 words (+/-10%), which MUST include the following. The front cover page, table of contents, headers, sub-headers, figure and tables, labels as well as annotations, citations and references, are not included in the word count (i.e.    1500 words). Estimated   word      limits for each   section are provided below to help you write   the   report   and   have   some   idea   of   how       much   to   focus   on   each   section,   while   deciding   the   contents.   You   must   use   Harvard   referencing         style. for your references and citations. Please note, your report MUST include the following at a (or the) minimum to score a passing mark for the corresponding grading component. Please refer to the last two pages of this document for the grading components and criteria. 
• ID2.1: The front cover page of the   report   must   include   your   student   number   and   title of   the   assignment   [No word count applies]
• ID2.2:       Simple      instructions      briefly      describing how to operate the database.      The   instructions   must   be   written    as    if   for    a   typical    employee    with    limited    knowledge    of Microsoft   Access.   You    should    use    figures    and    annotate    them    to    better    articulate   the   instructions.   [estimated word limit – 200 words]
• ID2.3: Brief description   of the most significant features in the database,   for   example, how   these   features   meet   the   needs   of   the   bus代 写IOM205 Advanced Database Management 1st SEMESTER 2024/25SQL
代做程序编程语言iness,   addressing   the   current   limitations,   explained   with   the   aid   of   screenshots   from   your   database   application   (as   applicable).   Justify   the   features   and/or   design   decisions   citing   appropriate   literature.   You may   like   to   focus   on two-three most significant features that   will   help   to   realise   the   value   of your   application to the business.   [estimated word limit – 400 words]
• ID2.4: Include   a   brief   description   of two non-trivial queries.   In   your   description,   state why   they   are   non-trivial   and   how   they   meet   the   needs   of the   organisation.   Additionally,   please   include   figures/screenshots   to   show   each   query   [table-view]   you   have   generated   and   the   corresponding   output.   You   must   also   include   the    SQL   code   for   one   of   these   queries,       and       briefly       explain       the       code       in       your       own       words,       demonstrating       your understanding,   how   the   query   will   execute.   [estimated word limit – 300 words, the SQL code will not be included in the word count]
• ID2.5: Include   a   brief   description   of two management reports. In   your   description,   state why   the   reports   are   useful    for   the   management,   and   how   they   will    add   value   to   the   business.   Please   include   figures   to   show   sample   report   outputs   you   have   generated.   You   may annotate them (as applicable).   [estimated word limit – 150 words]
• ID2.6: Include   a   brief   description   of one non-trivial chart.   In   your   description,   clearly explain   the   value   of the   chart   to   the   organisation.   Please   include   a   figure   to    show   the   sample    output.   You   may    annotate   them    (as    applicable).    [estimated    word    limit –    100 words]
• ID2.7: Include   a   brief description   of how   you   have tested the    database to   ensure   it   is working   properly,   capable   of handling   errors,   and   generating   the   correct   output   for   your   queries. Please   include   a   couple   of   screenshots   to   provide   evidence   of   testing.   [estimated word limit – 150 words]
• ID2.8: A brief reflection on   the   strengths   (at   least two)   and weaknesses   (at   least two)   of your      application.      You      must      also      suggest      at      least two ways      in      which      you      could   significantly   improve   or   enhance the   application.   This   section   should   also   include   a brief   discussion    of   your    own   performance    and   your    learning.    [estimated  word limit – 200 words]
Warning! If your database cannot be opened, is corrupt or is otherwise inaccessible, or your media contains malware, you will score zero for this part of the assignment. 
Please ensure    you have created one or more back-up copies of your work in suitable places using appropriate mediums available to you, to avoid losing the work you may have already done. 
Your   work   will   be   assessed   on   robustness,   functionality   meeting   the   business   requirements,   usability   and   the   overall   quality   of your   design.   The   working   and   fully   functional   database   will   contribute   to   the   majority   weight for this coursework, hence please create necessary back-ups.
Feedback Methods: 
Formative   feedback will be   available before the   final   submission,   to   help   you   develop   and   refine your work. This will include the following methods:
• Weekly labs -   these   will   include   tasks   and   activities   (related   to   the   coursework)   to   help you apply knowledge from the lectures, develop your own   solution and   obtain   feedback   in   session to help you to improve your work. You are therefore   encouraged   to   engage   during the   lectures   and   seminars   to   make   progress,   receive   feedback,   clarify   doubts,   and   refine   your work.
• Assignment clinic -   during weeks    11   and    12, there will   sessions   dedicated to   review   the   assessment requirements, clarify areas of   doubt and obtain further   feedback   on your work.
• Office hours -      You      are      advised      to      use      office      hours      early      in      the      term,      before      the submission deadline, so you have time to act on the   feedback.
• Discussion    Forum in    LM -   you   can   ask   questions,   discuss   among   peers   and   receive   responses via the discussion forum. Turnaround time for   a response   from   the   module   tutor   is 2-3 working days or it will be given in the   following   lab.
Summative   feedback   will   be   provided   after   the   final   submission.   This   accompanies   your   final   grade and uses the assessment criteria shown at the end   of   this   document.
Submission: You are required to submit two files: (1) Your Microsoft Access Application; (2) Your Report. 
The   coursework   is   going to be   submitted   electronically. Further   instructions   about how to   do   this   will be provided during a workshop session.
Assessment Weighting for the Module: 
The weight of   the individual coursework is 70% 

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
